---
layout: post
section-type: post
title: CMU Visit
category: Travel
tags: [ 'Travel' ]
---
We visited Carnegie Mellon University this Friday. It was a really fantastic trip to dig deep into the most advanced lab in the world -- The Robotics Institute. <br>
Thanks to my alumnus in Tsinghua, Zhenzhong Jia, who really gave us a big warm welcome. He is the post-doctor of RI whose director is Matt Mason. He showed us around the RI building and take us into some interesting labs and explained these projects and Robots. It was really impressive to see so many Robots and all distributions of the Robotics Field. <br>
These labs and circumstance inspired me, making me to rethink about my future scholar pattern. It is important to have a PHD degree and have a good command of technique. People with excellence will find it easy to achieve their ideal goal and lots of hardwork will be essential in the way to accomplish their aim. For me, I want to apply for RI, even if it is quite challenging. I have to make full preparation and push myself to my utmost. I need to start seriously do some project and post some papers. Grades are also of vital importance. English should be practised everyday. I am reaching the most important moment of my life now. So I must cheer up and fight for it!<br>
This trip gave me a lot of thinking, really a fruitful travel.<br>
BTW, University of Pittsburg is beautiful! And the weather is playing trick on us(Every time we went outdoor, it began to rain heavily. What a Weather!)